task queues are not FIFO (#798)
temporalio/documentation: docs/content/what-is-a-task-queue.md

import * as WhatIsAWorkflowTask from './what-is-a-workflow-task.md'
import * as WhatIsTaskRouting from './what-is-task-routing.md'

A Task Queue is lightweight, dynamically allocated queue that one or more <preview page={WhatIsAWorker}>Workers</preview> poll for <preview page={WhatIsATask}>Tasks</preview>.

> Each Task Queue is capable of queuing both <preview page={WhatIsAnActivityTask}>Activity Tasks</preview> and <preview page={WhatIsAWorkflowTask}>Workflow Tasks</preview>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two types of Task Queues, <preview page={WhatIsAnActivityTask}>Activity Task Queues</preview> and <preview page={WhatIsAWorkflowTask}>Workflow Task Queues</preview>.
But one of each can exist with the same Task Queue name.
```

All Workers listening to a given Task Queue must have identical registrations of Activities and/or Workflows.
The one exception is during a Server upgrade, where it is okay to have registration temporarily misaligned while the binary rolls out.

<details>
  <summary>In what order does the Task Queue match Tasks? FIFO? LIFO? Random?</summary>
  
  Temporal offers no guarantees as to the order that Tasks are matched (popped) off the Task Queue.
  There are two kinds of matching channels ("sync match" and "async match") based on where the tasks are located.
  Tasks that fail to sync match will overflow to the persistence database, and be picked up in a separate channel.

>   Temporal then selects from both channels at random.

Reviewer 2: IMHO this is too confusing for everyone who doesn't know about Go channels. 

I would just say that Temporal doesn't guarantee any order and it is impossible to have a task that stays in a queue for a long time if there is a backlog that wasn't drained for that time.

> <details>
>   <summary>In what order does the Task Queue match Tasks? FIFO? LIFO? Random?</summary>
>   
>   Temporal offers no guarantees as to the order that Tasks are matched (popped) off the Task Queue.
>   There are two kinds of matching channels ("sync match" and "async match") based on where the tasks are located.
>   Tasks that fail to sync match will overflow to the persistence database, and be picked up in a separate channel.
>   Temporal then selects from both channels at random.
>   
>   In effect, this means that Temporal tries to be LIFO for performance, but falls back to a pure random strategy in high load situations.
>   
> </details>

Reviewer: This is good for us to know - but is very crunchy for users.

```suggestion
:::note

Task Queues do not have any ordering guarantees.

```
